# Reflection

This assignment presented several challenges for me in setting up Python, Django, and Git. One of the first challenges was ensuring that Python and Django were downloaded and installed correctly, and, most importantly, were the required version. At first, I thought it would just be enough to download/install everything from the internet, and that it would just work in VS Code. But when I ran the command `python --version` to check if it was working the terminal showed me errors. So, I went online and found out that I had to download and set everything up in a virtual environment in order to have it run correctly. 

Another worry I had was running the command `.venv/scripts/activate`, which for some reason, I could not figure how to activate without running into errors. Of course, I was growing a bit frustrated, but that only motivated me to try to search of a different method, along with going through others who seemed to have similar problems. I did, however, come across a few examples that I was able to follow that described each step of what they did, and I was finally able to activate my project virtual environment, which meant I could return and complete the assignment. 

Lastly, connecting Git to GitHub, was something else I had never done. We set up accounts in college for merely complying with the assignment, and we had not been taught any instruction on using Git to create projects. This subject, I learned how to initialize the remote origin, stage, commit, and push my files to GitHub when the project was complete. 

What I learn from the assignment, is how crucial it is to learn troubleshooting by understanding error messages, and completing actions in the order that were required.